GraphQL release notes (#7563)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/graphql/release-notes.md

-  {:.new}New features
-  {:.fix}Fixes and improvements

## {{site.data.var.ee}} and {{site.data.var.ce}} 2.4.0

-  {:.new} **Added the [`reorderItems` mutation]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/mutations/reorder-items.html).** This mutation enables the logged-in customer to add the contents of a previous order to their cart.

-  {:.new} **Added the [`categories` query]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/queries/categories.html) returns a list of categories that match a specified filter.** This query differs from the `categoryList` query in that it supports pagination.

> -  {:.new} **Added the [`pickupLocations` query]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/queries/pickup-locations.html).** When the Inventory in-store pickup feature is enabled, this query can be used to allow the shopper to select a pickup location. The `pickup_location_code` attribute has been added to the [`setShippingAddressesOnCart` mutation]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/mutations/set-shipping-address.html) to specify which source will serve as the pickup location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.new} **Added the [`pickupLocations` query]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/queries/pickup-locations.html).** When the Inventory in-store pickup feature is enabled, this query allows the shopper to select a pickup location. The `pickup_location_code` attribute has been added to the [`setShippingAddressesOnCart` mutation]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/mutations/set-shipping-address.html) to specify which source will serve as the pickup location.
```
